This is your attitude towards the interview.
That's it.
Here comes the interview late.
And there is no mark on academic qualifications.
Neither is the design stuff. In order to know the state-owned industry.
Give us breath. I said it.
This is what you call third-rate design.
Let go of the entire design department.
Who can design such a close relationship.
Just a college gate.
Maybe it was designed.
Um. It's the shooter.
Our company has spoken with the original body of Zhang.
Zhongtian. It is a designer who has just been signed by our company.
This time our company is only recruiting one person for the design position.
It's adjustment. Although there is some talent.
But Haraike Michichi also missed it
Yes, Chi Dao is not for land use.
This is the company's rules and regulations
We also act according to rules and regulations
Otherwise, please ask the provincial lady to come again next year.
I just went for surveillance
Video of someone actually taking her there
I will investigate this matter
It's Miss Chi. Please stay away.
Moreover, her design is rated as being completely up to standard.
So Lu Shi was forced to add a design
What time do you want her to go to work?
I can do it anytime
That perfect colleague will connect with you directly
Welcome home, thank you
Dayman Shen Zhi’s letter goes to 16 degrees
Should be an employee of the company
Specifically, which one can't?
Will investigate